## 02.24.21 Meeting Minutes
### Attendees
- Jason Grout @jasongrout 
- Saul Shanabrook @saulshanabrook 
- Tony @tonyfast 
- Isabela @isabela-pf 
- Alex @ajbozarth 
- Max @telamonian 
- Martha @marthacryan 
- Adam @adpatter
- Thomas @manfromjupyter 
- And more!

### What are people working on?

- Isabela
    - Should I mention people for feedback on the [meeting minutes PR](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/pull/17)? It isn't urgent, but I don't know who would be good to ask.
- Tony
    - codemirror 6 talk about accessebility: http://bofh.nikhef.nl/events/FOSDEM/2021/D.javascript/codemirror.webm
    - tabindex was not that hard, but the rest is hard.
    - working on https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9686 i am having a hard time understanding what happens to the focus on the sidebar.
        - look at https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9622
    - it is an li with div's inside, replacing with anchors doesnt ever seem to find focus
    - linking setup example https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer/contributing.html#testing-changes-to-external-packages
    - 
      - Probably should add a very concrete example of linking the Lumino packages to develop Lumino and test against JupyterLab
- Saul
    - Learning to code through working on JupyterLab accessability? Good first issues? 
        - currently organized issues https://github.com/orgs/jupyterlab/projects/1
        - Thomas's issues are a good (Thanks Thomas!)
        - This is the issue that covers what we need to do to be able to meet WCAG 2.1 standards. We are breaking it up into other issues to work on bit by bit as well (scroll to the bottom of the issue). https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/issues/9399
- Max
  - possible scipy 2021 talk
    - talk notes: https://github.com/telamonian/tree-finder/tree/scipy-2021-talk-proposal/docs/scipy_2021
    - collaborators welcome
- Thomas
    - How can we support the work for tablists at [#9622](https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/pull/9622)
    - Martha replies that that it needs to be rebased from Max's lumino PR and then it will be ready.
    - For the typescript gods, next priority imo for accessibility are the list items from this comment: https://github.com/jupyterlab/team-compass/issues/98#issuecomment-768800666

### Other notes
- Follow up on accessibility workshop status?
    - Having a meeting later today
- lumino + jlab dev notes: https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer/contributing.html#testing-changes-to-external-packages
    - Saul was working on a binder here that links all lumino packages to juptyerlab: https://github.com/saulshanabrook/binder-jupyterlab-dev/blob/master/binder/postBuild
- setup an intermediate meeting for learning about accessibility and contributing to jupyterlab.

### Next Steps
- Set up binder to show lumino changes instanly for development testing. (Tony, Martha, maybe Max)
- Get merge rights for accessibility repo (Isabela)
- Gather a set of resources/guides to help start up our newcomers.(Isabela)
- Add specific example to lumino development docs that shows how to link it up to JupyterLab (?)
- Rebase #9622 to have it ready for review (Martha)
- Next week meeting to get people up to speed on accessibility efforts (Isabela, Tony, Saul)
- Review #9399 so you get context for what we are doing and we have a good place to start talking (Anyone trying to catch up on our current work)